The Joe Rogan experience.
New York is fine, man. It's not fine. It's fine. I'm there. It's it's doomed.
I'm it's beautiful. Even the governors sexually groping people.
That's that's even your Italian bro. That is being Italian.
Joe you're disrespecting Italian culture. Amazing. Excuse.
It's the greatest excuse ever. Amazing. Excuse. I'm not a pervert.
I'm Italian I'm nap, Don. <laugh> this is,
this is our culture, Joe. This is our culture.
Did you see Kyle Dunnings? Take on? No. What do you do? Oh my God. Kyle dun.
He's got great stuff. Shouts a Kyle man. He shout out to Cal Dunnigan and,
and Kurt. I'm having em, both come on together.
Oh God bless one of the best shows that's ever existed. Yeah. First of all,
they're doing, they do that Biden sitcom. Okay. Have you seen them? No.
The fresh press. No. No. Oh my God. It's amazing. Cause it's all face swaps.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So he's got Biden in the face swaps. Yeah.
And now he's got right with Ben Shapiro on his lap.
I bet he's AOC. Yeah, it's amazing. But yeah,
it's the, the new one that he did with Cuomo. What do gimme some volume.
He's got this thing. It's the Andrew Cuomo rocket chart show with me here.
Andrew Cuomo.
You work my way. Do yours with my personal stories and informative charts. Oh,
I did see this. It's the Andrew CUO about rock and chop shop.
Quick story. When I was a boy, I would watch howdy duty.
One day I received a gift. It was a howdy duty dog.
It was my favorite toy to play with until the day I found something
more fun to play with my penis. Sit back, rock,
take me in I'll entertain and teach you. That's a real win-win.
It's the governor. Andrew Cuomo rock chalk show here.
It's great.
Welcome to the show.
We'll be getting to the controversy and my imminent arrest in a minute.
For somehow.
I have decided to ditch Mitch and go with a young hip side.
Kick the king of Staten island. Pete Davidson,
Pete what's happening? Uh, nothing, I guess.
Fascinating. <laugh> okay.
I have been accused of touching women's privates. Not true.
I'm Italian.
We talk with our hands and all that my hands was saying
was what time is it?
<laugh> and sometimes when you hear your family <laugh>.
Makes sense,
family. <laugh> I love it.
You gotta admit that's an all time. Excuse though.
It's a ridiculous thing to say. It's just, and the video did you, did he put up,
did you see the video where you, I didn't see it. Oh, Cuomo. When he,
I think it was like at the press conference, he put up this video of him,
like touching all the people. He goes, I've touched men. I,
and there's a picture of him kissing a guy.
I touch that women I've touched powerful people.
He's holding bill Clinton's face as he's like kissing him on the cheek.
And it was like a really, it was interesting defense. If at the start I'm like,
let me see that. Can I see the video? You I'm talking about Jamie touch.
Everyone. Cuomo shows gallery of him kissing men. Women. Yeah. LGBTQ. What?
This like he was snitching on himself. Yeah. He's like,
he's like you think I touch people? Of course I touch.
And he just put all the different people he's touched,
but it looked kind of innocent. Look, oh, let's see this.
I let me gimme some volume.
He's narrating. Oh my God. Oh, we got three seconds. Two,
one S here.
We go.
Raised against me questions that have sought to unfairly
characterize and weaponize every day interactions that I've had with
any number of, of new Yorkers.
The New York times published a front page.
Picture of me touching a woman's face at a wedding
and then kissing her on the cheek.
That is not front page news.
I've been making the same jet in public all my life.
I actually learned that from my mother. That's her fault.
And from my fault, tell your, I learned how to be a pervert from my mom.
Very warm. It's a long line of perverts.
Nothing more indeed. There are hundreds.
If not thousands of photos of me using the exact same
gesture, I do it with everyone, black and white,
young and old,
straight, and LGBTQ powerful people.
Look at this. Look at.
This Clinton,
one nose to nose ES people who I meet.
On, on the Street's after the event,
the woman told the press that she took offense at the gesture.
And for that, I apologize.
Another woman stated that I, her on the forehead is our.
Chris, let me hear that part.
Miss parti. And that I said, cha Bella.
Now I don't remember doing it, but I'm sure that I did.
I do kiss people on the forehead. I do kiss people on the cheek.
I do kiss people on the hand. I do embrace people.
I do hug people, men and women.
I do on occasion say char Bella on
occasion. I do slip and say, sweetheart, people,
I do tell jokes some better than others.
I am the same person in public. As I am in private.
You have seen me do it on TV, through all my brief things.
And for 40 years before that, I try to put people at ease.
I try to make them smile.
I try to connect with them and I try to show my appreciation and
my friendship.
I now understand that there are generational or cult
perspectives that frankly, I hadn't fully appreciated.
And I have learned from this
now the state already has an advanced sexual harassment training
program for all employees, including me,
but I want New York state government to be a model of office behavior.
And I brought in an expert. Okay.
So this is all before he resigned. Yes. That was the last ditch effort.
Like we were supposed to see that and be like, you're okay. And,
but it's more than that, that he's accused of. No, the accusations are crazy,
right? The accusations that he was trying to like finger girls, right? Yeah.
The like that like cha Bella. Did someone get upset at that? Maybe?
I don't know. I think that's a little bit crazy. I mean,
he is like an older Italian guy, so there's gonna be a certain amount.
Why is that offensive? It means. Hello. Beautiful. Yeah. Why is that offensive?
I guess. I don't know. Or goodbye. Beautiful. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So you're Italian. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
how do you like resist touching? Yeah. Like how,
how does that Italian is not come out? Like,
I don't know when you're around ti I have a little bit of Irish in me. Oh,
that's what it is. Standoff. You just go like this,
see 5% standoff in me. I don't, you know, but yeah. He's being an old guy.
He's, what is he? 70 years old? I don't wanna offend.
It was just that that'd be fine. That is, I think there's some theory. Yeah.
And you know, maybe he was trying to hit on girl.
He was trying to get his Dick wet a little bit.
And do you know the whole story with the lady who was she's the attorney
general, right? The one who prosecuted this James is her name. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you know?
She was in another party and he made her denounce her party in order
to come over to work for him. And then she immediately went after. Whoa.
Uh, is that yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's heavy.
So he's got like a history of making women do things they don't wanna do. Well,
I don't know if he made, you know, I think it's a political thing.
You probably do a guy too. Bus and balls, but YESS it's um, yeah.
It's just so interesting. I don't know. Cause you see that you're like, yeah,
this is how old were like old people are way more tactile. Yes.
At least like Mediterranean folks. Yeah. They were very touchy. That's fine.
And I don't think that's and I think that's a lot of like the Biden thing. Like,
you know, like the Biden sniffing kid. I don't like that.
You wouldn't let him sniff your kid. That bothers me.
I'd let 'em sniff my kid really a hundred percent. There's not kids.
Once you have kids. You're like, why are you sniffing my kid? Your,
your father instincts would kick in. Let me think. Plus I,
I don't think you'd remember if it's a kid or not.
I think he'd be confused just in the moment he's like is like a,
a smaller person. That's it? Yeah. I just sniff and mid did.
That's that's one of my favorite were past times, dude.
I'm a midget sniffer dude. I, if I see a Midge, I gotta smell them. Dude.
They smell so delicious. I just don't think like, I think that thing is,
is way bigger. A deal than it needs to be the sniffing. Yeah.
Like the cognitive ability is to thing that scares me, not sniffing kids. Right.
Just keep the kids away from 'em.
I think the sniffing kids in public is part of the cognitive decline.
Like he doesn't recognize that people don't like that,
but you don't think it's just him being 200. Look at him. Well, these kids, he,
oh, that one on the side is up at the bottom. Right? I mean,
it looks like he's pulling. Yeah. They're all up. Yeah.
That one she's really uncomfortable. She away from him. Yeah.
They're distorting their facial expressions. Yeah. It's very strange.
But why would they smell like that?
Like why would they come in smelling like that, Joe? That's why?
Why would they wear perfume that day? Why it's smell so good?
Why would they do that? They wanna be sniffed. Am I victim blamer? Maybe. Holy,
dude. Maybe, but just for sniffing, it's like, it's the worst. I mean, if,
if that's the worst thing that happens to you, you get sniffed. Yeah.
Like you can get over a sniff. Yeah. You know, it should.
And I think it's an older,
I think the Cuomo stuff that was messed up is probably he was trying to finger
these girls or gravitate or just being a real like scumbag. And um,
I'm just not surprised like anybody like that wants to be in a position of
power. Yeah. Uses their power.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.